All right.
So at the end of the previous lesson, we saw this s lint warning interaction button component.
And if I hover my mouse over, it will see the issue here.
Expected the act sign instead of the icon.
So again, this is an optimization.
It is related to style and aesthetics.
The code that we have on screen here is totally valid.
Technically, however, view prefers, or at least the View Style Guide, which is connected with s
lint, prefers a simpler approach that requires us to write a little bit less characters.
It's a shortcut, right?
We saw earlier another example of a shortcut.
For example, instead of writing V bind, right?
Instead of writing something like this V bind colon ref, we can just write colon.
It's the same idea here.
There's a shortcut available for a V on directive.
So instead of writing a V on colon click we can replace the van and the colon with an act sign.
So the sign, just like we see in an email address right here at click, the two options that we see,
let me in fact write them on, read them out side by side so you can compare them.
These two are technically identical.
There is no technical difference between them.
This at click is a shortcut or a a simpler way to write what is on line 13.
It does the exact same thing.
It says to register a method to execute whenever something happens, which in this case is a click.
So at click instead of V on colon that an equal sign followed by the name of the method that you want
a view to run.
Once again, do not invoke the method in here.
Just write the method name.
I'm going to save this and I'm going to head back to my browser so we can confirm everything is working.
I'm, in fact, going to refresh the page to make sure we have the latest changes and to clear the output.
And I'm just going to press sign in again and you can see I've been clicked is being console.log every
time we click the button.
So our new shortcut is indeed working.
All right.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.